Document registry storage (#61)
kyma-project/docker-registry: docs/user/resources/06-20-docker-registry-cr.md

**Spec:**

| Parameter                               | Type   | Description                                                                             |
|-----------------------------------------|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **storage**                             | object | Contains configuration of the registry images storage.                                  |
| **storage.azure**                       | object | Contains configuration of the Azure storage.                                            |

> | **storage.azure.secretName** (required) | string | Specifies name of the Secret that contains data needed to connect to the Azure storage. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **storage.azure.secretName** (required) | string | Specifies the name of the Secret that contains data needed to connect to the Azure storage. |
```

| **storage.s3**                          | object | Contains configuration of the s3 storage.                                               |
| **storage.s3.bucket** (required)        | string | Specifies the name of the s3 bucket.                                                    |
| **storage.s3.region** (required)        | string | Specifies the region of the s3 bucket.                                                  |

> | **storage.s3.regionEndpoint**           | string | Specifies the endpoint fo the s3 region.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **storage.s3.regionEndpoint**           | string | Specifies the endpoint of the s3 region.                                                |
```

> | **storage.s3.encrypt**                  | string | Specifies if data in the bucket will be encrypted.                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **storage.s3.encrypt**                  | string | Specifies if data in the bucket is encrypted.                                      |
```

> | **storage.s3.secure**                   | string | Specifies if registry will use TLS communication with the s3.                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **storage.s3.secure**                   | string | Specifies if registry uses the TLS communication with the s3.                           |
```

> | **storage.s3.secretName**               | string | Specifies name of the Secret that contains data needed to connect to the s3 storage.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **storage.s3.secretName**               | string | Specifies the name of the Secret that contains data needed to connect to the s3 storage.    |
```
